Available Datacenters(可用数据中心)

Datacenter  Geographic Location             Slug    oem_name1
NYC1        New York City, United States    nyc1    美国纽约市
NYC2        New York City, United States    nyc2    美国纽约市
NYC3        New York City, United States    nyc3    美国纽约市
AMS2        Amsterdam, the Netherlands      ams2    荷兰阿姆斯特丹
AMS3        Amsterdam, the Netherlands      ams3    荷兰阿姆斯特丹
SFO1        San Francisco, United States    sfo1    美国旧金山
SFO2        San Francisco, United States    sfo2    美国旧金山
SFO3        San Francisco, United States    sfo3    美国旧金山
SGP1        Singapore                       sgp1    新加坡
LON1        London, United Kingdom          lon1    英国伦敦
FRA1        Frankfurt, Germany              fra1    德国法兰克福
TOR1        Toronto, Canada                 tor1    加拿大多伦多
BLR1        Bangalore, India                blr1    印度班加罗尔


Droplet Official Image(官方操作系统镜像)

ID           Name                  Type        Distribution    Slug                   Public    Min Disk
77558491     12.2 ufs x64          snapshot    FreeBSD         freebsd-12-x64-ufs     true      20
77558552     12.2 zfs x64          snapshot    FreeBSD         freebsd-12-x64-zfs     true      15
78547182     1.5.8 x64             snapshot    RancherOS       rancheros              true      15
84780898     34 x64                snapshot    Fedora          fedora-34-x64          true      15
89246461     8 Stream x64          snapshot    CentOS          centos-stream-8-x64    true      15
95344509     35 x64                snapshot    Fedora          fedora-35-x64          true      15
96967120     RockyLinux 8.5 x64    snapshot    Rocky Linux     rockylinux-8-x64       true      15
96967133     RockyLinux 8.4 x64    snapshot    Rocky Linux     rockylinux-8-4-x64     true      15
100167549    7 x64                 snapshot    CentOS          centos-7-x64           true      15
101111514    20.04 (LTS) x64       snapshot    Ubuntu          ubuntu-20-04-x64       true      15
101120353    9 x64                 snapshot    Debian          debian-9-x64           true      15
101121241    18.04 (LTS) x64       snapshot    Ubuntu          ubuntu-18-04-x64       true      15
101121352    21.10 x64             snapshot    Ubuntu          ubuntu-21-10-x64       true      15
101134485    10 x64                snapshot    Debian          debian-10-x64          true      15
101537412    11 x64                snapshot    Debian          debian-11-x64          true      15


Droplet Official 1-check Image(市场和一键部署镜像)

SLUG                                         TYPE
gitlab-gitlabenterprise-18-04                droplet
kloudio-18-04                                droplet
bitmark-bitmarknode-18-04                    droplet
antmedia-antmediaserveren-16-04              droplet
antmedia-antmediaserveren-16-04              droplet
antmedia-antmediaserveren-16-04              droplet
solace-solacepubsubeven-18-04                droplet
solace-solacepubsubeven-18-04                droplet
erpnext-18-04                                droplet
plasmapay-plasmadltblockch-18-04             droplet
nibblecomm-spotipo-18-04                     droplet
skaffolder-18-04                             droplet
deadletter-18-04                             droplet
cyberscore-18-04                             droplet
bazookawasps-waspswithbazooka-18-04          droplet
sourcegraph-18-04                            droplet
memgraph-9-7                                 droplet
optimajet-workflowserver-18-04               droplet
vitalpointz-7-6                              droplet
reblaze-reblazewaf-18-04                     droplet
helpy-18-04                                  droplet
snapt-snaptaria-18-04                        droplet
sharklabs-minecraftjavaedi-18-04             droplet
sharklabs-nodejsquickstart-18-04             droplet
eltrino-magento2opensour-18-04               droplet
snapt-snaptnova-18-04                        droplet
snapt-snaptaria-18-04                        droplet
centoswebpanel-cwpcontrolpanel-7             droplet
zoomadmin-18-04                              droplet
supabase-supabaserealtime-18-04              droplet
issabel-7                                    droplet
posthog-18-04                                droplet
openfaas-18-04                               droplet
redash-18-04                                 droplet
cloudbees-cloudbeesjenkins-18-04             droplet
nimbella-18-04                               droplet
acra-18-04                                   droplet
selenoid-18-04                               droplet
zeromon-zabbix-18-04                         droplet
honeydbagent-9                               droplet
fastnetmon-18-04                             droplet
deadcanaries-onionroutedcloud-18-04          droplet
shopware-18-04                               droplet
nakama-18-04                                 droplet
onjection-jenkins-16-04                      droplet
prometheus-18-04                             droplet
buddy-18-04                                  droplet
opencart-18-04                               droplet
solidinvoice-18-04                           droplet
sharklabs-pacvim-18-04                       droplet
thingsboard-18-04                            droplet
influxdb-18-04                               droplet
code-server-18-04                            droplet
metabase-18-04                               droplet
alfio-7-6                                    droplet
weconexpbx-7-6                               droplet
thingsboardpe-18-04                          droplet
vardot-varbase-18-04                         droplet
bcoin-18-04                                  droplet
quickcorp-qcobjects-18-04                    droplet
fathom-18-04                                 droplet
pihole-18-04                                 droplet
botpress-18-04                               droplet
mattermost-18-04                             droplet
rethinkdb-rethinkdbfantasi-18-04             droplet
sharklabs-ninjam-10-0                        droplet
workarea-18-04                               droplet
xcart-7                                      droplet
iota-iotahornetnode-18-04                    droplet
unlight-openunlight-18-04                    droplet
erpnext-18-04                                droplet
bitwarden-18-04                              droplet
sharklabs-foldinghome-18-04                  droplet
sharklabs-pythondjangoquic-18-04             droplet
mozilla-hubscloudpersona-18-04               droplet
wikijs-18-04                                 droplet
meltano-18-04                                droplet
lightninginsight-birdanalytics-18-04         droplet
strapi-18-04                                 droplet
revox-keplerbuilder-18-04                    droplet
buddy-repman-18-04                           droplet
devdojo-laravel-20-04                        droplet
wftutorials-purdm-18-04                      droplet
fastpanel-deb-9                              droplet
nmtec-erxes-18-04                            droplet
magedin-magento-18-04                        droplet
rethinkdb-18-04                              droplet
hasura-18-04                                 droplet
bagisto-18-04                                droplet
opentradestatist-rstudiostan-18-04           droplet
icecoder-20-04                               droplet
litespeedtechnol-openlitespeedcla-18-04      droplet
countly-18-04                                droplet
grafana-18-04                                droplet
flashphoner-7-6                              droplet
shiftedit-serverwand-18-04                   droplet
ultrahorizon-uhvpn-18-04                     droplet
gluu-gluuserverce-18-04-3                    droplet
opentradestatist-rstudioh2o-18-04            droplet
opentradestatist-rstudiopkgdev-18-04         droplet
netfoundry-7-6                               droplet
traccar-20-04                                droplet
seknox-trasa-20-04                           droplet
nknfullnode-18-04                            droplet
uxlens-18-04                                 droplet
aplitel-vitalpbx-7                           droplet
nlnetlabs-krill-18-04                        droplet
flipstarter-18-04                            droplet
opendronemap-webodm-18-04                    droplet
nethesis-nethserver-7                        droplet
harperdb-18-04                               droplet
zabbix-zabbixproxy-8                         droplet
mastodon-18-04                               droplet
chamilo-18-04                                droplet
opentradestatist-bigbluebuttonser-16-04      droplet
openfaas-openfaaswithfaas-20-04              droplet
caddy-18-04                                  droplet
eummena-moodle-10                            droplet
zabbix-7-6                                   droplet
ascensiosystem-onlyoffice-18-04              droplet
izenda-18-04                                 droplet
castai-castaikubernetes-20-04                droplet
auspiciaab-theplanminderpos-20-04            droplet
corezoid-corezoidprocesse-7-6                droplet
castai-kubernetes119-20-04                   droplet
netverity-netbox-20-04                       droplet
directus-18-04                               droplet
csmm-20-04                                   droplet
starkdrones-decentralizedint-18-04           droplet
openvpn-18-04                                droplet
litespeedtechnol-openlitespeeddja-20-04      droplet
akaunting-20-04                              droplet
runcloud-runcloud1804-18-04                  droplet
runcloud-runcloud2004-20-04                  droplet
webkul-qloapps-18-04                         droplet
litespeedtechnol-openlitespeednod-20-04      droplet
selfhostedpro-yacht-20-04                    droplet
jadiangaming-solderio-18-04-5                droplet
doppler-20-04                                droplet
zeslecp-7                                    droplet
threatwatch-twigs-20-04                      droplet
bigcloud-oddocr-18-04                        droplet
flexifyio-flexifyiomulticl-20-04             droplet
ten7-computingforcovi-18-04-4                droplet
charlottetest1-18-04                         droplet
spatie-mailcoach-20-04                       droplet
devopstechlab-jenkinsdevopstec-20-04-2       droplet
curiositygmbh-curiosity-16-04                droplet
cloudup-webwordpress-20-04                   droplet
theoryforce-wordpressnginxle-10              droplet
supabase-supabasepostgres-18-04              droplet
sharklabs-minecraftbedrock-20-04             droplet
charlottetestpub-18-04                       droplet
uzerpllp-uzerp-18-04                         droplet
openboxes-20-04                              droplet
cloudup-lamppoweredbyclo-20-04               droplet
pyboxtechnologie-pyboxtechmed-20-04          droplet
bugfender-20-04                              droplet
apisnetworks-apiscp-8-3                      droplet
vodianetworks-vodiaphonesystem-10            droplet
invoiceninja-20-0-4                          droplet
humhubgmbhkg-humhub-10                       droplet
peppermintlabs-peppermint                    droplet
autopanel-autopanelwordpre-20-04-2           droplet
rocketchat-20-04                             droplet
peppermintlabs-peppermint                    droplet
aecsystems-speckleserver-20-04               droplet
gutiumtestapp-18-04                          droplet
gutiumtestapp2-18-04                         droplet
mpdev-gutiumtestapp-18-04                    droplet
mpdev-gutiumtestapp2-18-04                   droplet
dokos-18-04                                  droplet
greendeployhq-django32lts-20-04              droplet
chevereto-20-04                              droplet
mistio-mist-20-04                            droplet
mpdev-vlad-18-04                             droplet
mpdev-dtestrenamed-1                         droplet
mpdev-dtest2-1                               droplet
mpdev-vladanother-18-04                      droplet
mpdev-vladanothertest-1                      droplet
mpdev-vladanothertest2-666                   droplet
mpdev-dtest2-1                               droplet
mpdev-vladanothertest3-1                     droplet
mpdev-vladappname-18-04                      droplet
mpdev-vladappname2-18-04                     droplet
mpdev-vladappname3-18-04                     droplet
mpdev-sluotest-18-04                         droplet
mpdev-dtest-1                                droplet
mpdev-sluotest2-18-01                        droplet
mpdev-seanluologo-18-04                      droplet
mpdev-sluotestlogo2-18-04                    droplet
jelastic-jelasticpaas-7                      droplet
dsuhininapp1-18-04                           droplet
dokku-20-04                                  droplet
discourse-20-04                              droplet
hectortestdontde-20-04                       droplet
kromit-titra-20-04                           droplet
charlottemp3529p-18-04                       droplet
gigantum-gigantumclient-20-04                droplet
lemp-20-04                                   droplet
rstudio-20-04                                droplet
mpdev-gutiumapptoremov-18-04                 droplet
mpdev-testcreateapp-20-04                    droplet
microwebercms-microweber-20-04               droplet
docker-20-04                                 droplet
mpdev-hectortestimages-18-04                 droplet
varnishsoftware-varnishcache-18-04           droplet
appsmith-18-04                               droplet
hystax-freecostmanageme-20-04                droplet
testytest-12                                 droplet
testtest2-112                                droplet
rubyonrails-20-04                            droplet
django-20-04                                 droplet
hectortestdontde-20-04                       droplet
sluodroplettest7-18-04                       droplet
sluodroplet72620-18-04                       droplet
charlottemp3529f-18-04                       droplet
sluodroplettestj-18-04                       droplet
dsuhinintest1-18-04                          droplet
charlottemp3529p-18-04                       droplet
dsuhinin27071-18-04                          droplet
dsuhinin27072-18-04                          droplet
mpdev-gutiumtestingfil-20-04                 droplet
mpdev-gutiumtestfileco-20-04                 droplet
mpdev-gutiumfilecointe-20-04                 droplet
mpdev-gutiumtestlempim-20-04                 droplet
litespeedtechnol-cyberpanel-20-04            droplet
hyfinity-webmakerserver-20-04                droplet
mpdev-gutiumfilecointe-20-04                 droplet
mpdev-gutiumfilecointf-20-04                 droplet
restya-restyaboard-20-04                     droplet
flussonic-20-04                              droplet
azuracast-20-04                              droplet
mgtcommercegmbh-cloudpanel1-10-10            droplet
haproxywi-roxywi-7                           droplet
analythium-opencpu-20-04                     droplet
lamp-20-04                                   droplet
mongodb-18-04                                droplet
mysql-20-04                                  droplet
hectortestdontde-18-04                       droplet
mpdev-gutiumtestapp333-20-04                 droplet
cpanel-cpanelwhm-7-9                         droplet
charlottemp3529p-18-04                       droplet
konnectedmindzte-hyperledgerfabri-18-04      droplet
antmedia-antmediaserverco-18-04              droplet
antmedia-antmediaserveren-18-04              droplet
nethermind-20-04                             droplet
kasmtechnologies-kasmworkspaces-18-04        droplet
simplex-simplexserver-20-04                  droplet
mpdev-paultest2-20-04                        droplet
perconamonitorin-7                           droplet
litespeedtechnol-openlitespeedwor-20-04      droplet
veronikatest-18-04                           droplet
mpdev-gutiumtestcreati-20-04                 droplet
mpdev-hectortestapp1-20-01                   droplet
nirvatosoftware-nirvashare-20-04             droplet
mpdev-hectordevtest2-20-10                   droplet
ispsystem-ispmanager-7                       droplet
phpmyadmin-20-04                             droplet
devrel-teleport-20-04                        droplet
wordpress-20-04                              droplet
mpdev-hectorinmutables-18-04                 droplet
sandflysecurity-20-04                        droplet
litespeedtechnol-openlitespeedjoo-20-04      droplet
codelathe-filecloud-20-04                    droplet
gitea-20-04                                  droplet
owncast-10                                   droplet
cubitetechnologi-cubite-20-04                droplet
everlifeaipte-everlifeai                     droplet
caprover-18-04                               droplet
livehelperchat-7-8-2003                      droplet
softlab24-opensourcesocial-18-04             droplet
budibase-20-04                               droplet
mpdev-hectorinmutables                       droplet
grandnode-grandnode20-18-04                  droplet
jitsiserver-20-04                            droplet
plesk-20-04                                  droplet
plesk-pleskcentos-7-9                        droplet
eltrino-magento2opensour-20-04               droplet
bunkercloudservi-warpspeedvpn-18-04          droplet
ascensiosystemsi-onlyofficeeditor-18-04-4    droplet
helpyio-helpypro-18-04                       droplet
dsuhininapp-18-04                            droplet
appwrite-20-04                               droplet
saltcorn-20-04                               droplet
restya-restyaboardcento-8-3                  droplet
sharklabs-matrixsynapsebac-10                droplet
photoprism-20-04                             droplet
znuny-znunylts-10                            droplet
znuny                                        droplet
ghost-20-04                                  droplet
protocollabs-filecoinlotus-20-04             droplet
nodearmy                                     droplet
searchblox-searchbloxenterp-7-6              droplet
analythium-shinyproxy-20-04                  droplet
airbyte                                      droplet
utnadmins-utunnelvpn                         droplet
jetappsstorageve-jetbackup5                  droplet
gravitl-netmaker                             droplet
severalnines-clustercontrol-20-04            droplet
gitlab-gitlabenterprise-20-04                droplet
meilisas-meilisearch-10                      droplet
kuyio-wireguardianvpna                       droplet
litespeedtechnol-openlitespeedrai-20-04      droplet
powertrader-coincollectorbyp                 droplet
simontelephonics-freepbx-7-8                 droplet
cloudron-20-04                               droplet
kandralabs-zulip-18-04                       droplet
victoriametrics-victoriametricss             droplet
nodegame-18-04                               droplet
questdb-20-04                                droplet
nodejs-20-04                                 droplet
pharoahlanesoftw-webdnaserver864-18-04       droplet
passboltsa-passboltce-20-04                  droplet


Speedtest(速度测试)
http://speedtest-sgp1.digitalocean.com/
speedtest-nyc1.digitalocean.com
speedtest-nyc2.digitalocean.com
speedtest-nyc3.digitalocean.com
speedtest-ams2.digitalocean.com
speedtest-ams3.digitalocean.com
speedtest-sfo1.digitalocean.com
speedtest-sfo2.digitalocean.com
speedtest-sfo3.digitalocean.com
speedtest-sgp1.digitalocean.com
speedtest-lon1.digitalocean.com
speedtest-fra1.digitalocean.com
speedtest-tor1.digitalocean.com
speedtest-blr1.digitalocean.com
